TERMS OF USE

These Terms of Use (the “ToU”) are made by Hatchery Software Private Limited, a company incorporated under Companies Act, 2013 (the “Company”) having its registered office at 1st Floor, 4th B Cross, 5th Block, Koramangala Industrial Layout, Bangalore– 560095.

Lookup is an Application (“Lookup”) by the Company that provides a platform enabling users who access or use Lookup to order goods or services from merchants or service providers (the “Third Parties”) and to procure and receive delivery of such goods from a designated delivery partner (the “DP”). We are only an intermediary between you, the Third Parties and the DP.

These ToU apply to: (i) all visitors and users of our Site; and (ii) all users of, our Service. All references to “You” or “you” include: (i) visitors and users of our Site, (ii) the Customers of our Service; and (iii) the authorized individuals that are using the Account, and Service, on behalf of our Customers.

Unless the Site and Service are separately referred to in these Terms, all references herein to the “Services” shall include both the Site and the Service.

1. Definitions.

a. “Lookup Services” includes the following intermediary services provided by us:

    Enable search and chat facilities between User and Third Parties.
    Facilitate confirmation of order for products or services.
    Facilitate payment for the orders.
    Facilitate delivery of orders.

b. “Lookup,” “we”, “us” or “our” means Hatchery Software Pvt. Ltd.; Lookup.

2. Acceptance of Agreement.

a. By visiting our site, downloading, accessing or using Lookup, you accept and agree to be bound by and comply with these ToU including any modifications from time to time without prior notice to you. These ToU constitute a legal contract between you and the Company. You must be at least 18 years of age to use or access Lookup.

b. The Company reserves the right to deny Lookup Services to you without assigning any reason.

3. Account.

a. In order to use the Service, you must create an Account. If you create an account then you represent and warrant that you have the capacity and authority to enter into this contract and abide by these ToU. We have relied on your promise and may deny or suspend or cancel Lookup Services if you have: (i) Impersonated any person, (ii) Made false statements, or (iii) Violated these ToU.

b. We reserve the right in our sole discretion to refuse to approve the creation of the Account.

4. Ordering.

    To place an order with Third Parties, you should chat with us through Lookup and provide all required details of your order.
    You understand that by providing the details of your order, you authorize us to place the order as a binding contract for goods or services that may be accepted by the Third Party without modification.
    We will then check with the Third Party if they can fulfill the order as per the details provided and on their acceptance place the order on your behalf with the Third Party and inform you.
    At this point your order stands confirmed and cannot be cancelled thereafter subject to some exceptions listed out in the Cancellations section below in this ToU.
    Your Order constitutes a separate contract between you and Third Party based on the terms and conditions of the Third Party.
    If the Third Party does not accept your order, we will close your order request and inform you.
    If your original order request can be fulfilled with a modification or in part, we will revert to you for a new authorization by you to place an order with modification and follow through with a Third Party for placement of the modified order.
    We will inform you of orders placed and orders declined. The confirmation message will specify delivery details including the approximate delivery time specified by the Third Party and the price of the order.
    You understand that some orders require additional proof and information from your side. For example, orders involving medicines or pharmaceuticals would require you to show us and the Third Party the prescription from a doctor.

5. Payment.

    All the prices listed in Lookup or conveyed to you by us reflect the prices charged by the Third Party at the time of ordering.
    The confirmation message from Lookup will indicate the price for your entire order. Ordinarily this price will include the cost of goods or services ordered, delivery charges and taxes and any other charges as communicated to us by the Third Party.
    Payment has to be made either at the time of placing the order through online channels facilitated by Lookup or at the time of delivery in cash or through online channels.
    We have tied up with RBI registered payment aggregators, who have provided payment gateways on Lookup that are compliant with the applicable laws. On your part, you should ensure that you use a secured connection to transact on Lookup.
    You are responsible for the security of your payment instruments such as debit cards, credit cards, net banking, and wallets and should take all steps for ensuring that the payment instruments are not issued or shared with any other person. We will not be responsible for any payment instruments authenticated or charged using the payment gateway on Lookup if such payment instruments were used by an unauthorized person and payment thereby has been authenticated by your bank or wallet provider or card association.
    In case of transaction failures during online payments, your order will be cancelled as per cancellation terms with Third Party. However if your order is not cancellable, you will still be responsible for payment on your order. In each case we will send you a message informing you about the status of the order and requirement for payment.

6. Delivery.

    Your order will be delivered to you within the time specified in the confirmation message of your order. We will procure a DP to deliver in a timely manner. If the delivery is done by the Third Party or its agents, then it is the responsibility of the Third Party to deliver the order in a timely manner.
    If the order is not delivered to you within the agreed time, you must inform Lookup immediately. We will arrange for an alternative solution or cancellation of the order, as the case may be, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Third Party.
    The order will be delivered to you upon producing the proof of order.
    We will not be liable for losses, liabilities, costs, damages, charges or expenses arising out of late delivery.

7. Cancellation of Orders.

    You cannot cancel your order once it has been confirmed by you and the Third Party and you have received a confirmation message to this effect.
    However there are some instances where you have the right to cancel your confirmed orders. These are:

    Wrong delivery: when the items delivered to you does not match your order specifications.
    Partial delivery: when you do not get the all the items you ordered or some items are missing.

We will not be responsible for wrong, partial delivery or delayed delivery. You understand that all warranties, guarantees and quality associated with the products and services are subject to the policies of the Third Party. The issue has to be settled directly with the Third Party. In the above instances you may cancel your order within 1 hour of order delivery. Beyond this period, we don’t accept any cancellations.

    You understand that cancellations are not permitted in the following categories of products unless it is permitted in the terms and conditions of the Third Party:

    Food/Perishables;
    Items involving hygiene issues;
    Any other good that are non-cancellable as per the terms of the Third Party.

    Outside the 1 hour time frame, you agree that all cancellations are subject to the terms and conditions of the Third Party and the Company will not be responsible for expenses, costs or damages caused due to cancellation.
    You can cancel the order only through Lookup’s application.

8. Returns and Refunds.

    If you are not happy with the order you received, you may return the order subject to the return policy of the Third Party. Lookup will not be liable for any decision taken by the Third Party for returns.
    When you cancel the order due to wrong, partial or delayed delivery, you shall return the order and get a refund subject to the terms and conditions of the Third Party. If the Third Party refuses cancellation or proposes replacement of the order, then the order shall not stand cancelled and Lookup will not be able to refund the money in such instances.
    You can return the cancelled order by intimating us through Lookup only.
    You have to assure us that the product is unopened or unused and that none of the price tags or other labels are tampered or removed from the good.
    We will initiate refunds only after inspection of the returned good and after confirming that the product is unopened and unused and the package is not tampered with and after confirming with the Third party as to cancellations, returns and refund.
    All refunds will be made in the original form of payment within 3 days receipt of refund amount from the Third Party.

9. Promotions and Offers.

    All the promotions and offers available in Lookup will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Third Party.
    You should check these Terms and Conditions before participating in any promotion.
    By participating in any promotion, you are indicating that you accept and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Third Party.

10. Privacy Policy.

Any information that you provide to Lookup is subject to our Privacy Policy, which governs our collection and use of your information. We care about the privacy of our users. You understand that by using the Lookup Services you consent to the collection, use and disclosure (as set forth in the Privacy Policy) of your personally identifiable information and aggregate data and to have your personally identifiable information collected, used, transferred to and processed.

The security of your personally identifiable information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

11. Intellectual Property Rights.

The Lookup Services and all materials therein or transferred thereby, including, without limitation, software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio, videos, and music (the “Lookup Content”), and all Intellectual Property Rights related thereto, are the exclusive property of Lookup and its licensors. The logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio, videos, and music and all Intellectual Property Rights related thereto of the respective Third Parties are subject to such Third parties’ IP right declarations. Except as explicitly provided herein, nothing in this ToU shall be deemed to create a license in or under any such Intellectual Property Rights, and you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit or create derivative works from any Lookup Content. Use of the Lookup Content for any purpose not expressly permitted by this ToU is strictly prohibited.

12. Disclaimer.

Lookup Services is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Use of the service is at your own risk. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us or through the service will create any warranty not expressly stated herein. Without limiting the foregoing, We, Our subsidiaries, Our affiliates, and Our licensors do not warrant that the content is accurate, reliable or correct; that the service will meet your requirements; that the service will be available at any particular time or location, uninterrupted or secure; that any defects or errors will be corrected; that any requests will be met satisfactorily or at all; or that the service is free of viruses or other harmful components. Any content downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the service is downloaded at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or mobile device or loss of data that results from such download or your use of the service.

We do not guarantee the suitability, safety, or ability of any Third party or DP, nor that any such Third Party or DP will meet your requirements or expectations. We do not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by a Third Party through Lookup. Each Third Party remains responsible at all times for the accuracy, completeness and correctness of the information displayed on Lookup. Lookup does not constitute and should not be regarded as an endorsement or recommendation of the quality, service level, qualification or rating of any Third Party.

13. Your Representations.

You represent to us that:

a. You will use our Services for your personal, non-commercial use alone and that you will not resell, deep-link, use, copy, monitor, display, analyze, store, download, reproduce or in any way, transmit content or information, software, products or services available on Lookup for any commercial or competitive activity or purpose.

b. You will use our Services for lawful purposes.

14. Limitations of Liability.

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the Company, its affiliates, agents, directors, employees, suppliers or licensors be liable for any indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including without limitation damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses, arising out of or relating to the use of, or inability to use, Our service. Under no circumstances will the Company be responsible for any damage, loss or injury resulting from hacking, tampering or other unauthorized access or use of the service or your account or the information contained therein.

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Company assumes no liability or responsibility for any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of requests or content; (ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to or use of Lookup Services; (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information stored therein; (iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the Lookup Services; (v) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like that may be transmitted to or through Lookup Services by any Third Party; (vi) any errors or omissions in any requests or content or for any loss or damage incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available through the Lookup Services, under any legal theory including, contract or promissory estoppel or equity; (vii) the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any Third Party; and/or (viii) any transaction or relationship between you and any Third Party.

15. Term and Termination.

These ToU are effective until terminated by Lookup or you. We, in our sole discretion, have the right to terminate these Terms and/or discontinue your access to the Site and/or Service, or any part thereof, immediately at any time and with or without cause (including, without any limitation, for a breach of these Terms). We shall not be liable to you or any third party for termination of the Site or Service, or any part thereof. If you object to any term or condition of these Terms, or any subsequent modifications thereto, or become dissatisfied with the Services in any way, your only recourse is to immediately discontinue use of the Services. Upon termination of these ToU, you shall cease all use of the Services.

16. Assignment.

These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you but may be assigned by the Company without restriction or notification to you.

17. Disputes.

The Company does not warrant, insure, guarantee or recommend any of the Third Parties and/or DPs. Disputes about your order should be resolved with Third Parties and/or DP directly. We may, however, in our discretion attempt to resolve any dispute between you and/or Third Party or DP merely to achieve our motto of user satisfaction.

18. Indemnification.

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold the Company, its successors, assigns and licensors, franchisees or sub-franchisees, any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, vendors, licensors, representatives, advertisers, service providers and suppliers harmless from and against any and all claims, actions, losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), resulting from any breach or violation of Terms by you, or due to your activities related to the Lookup Services, or violation of terms of Third Party or the DPs.

19. Governing Law.

These ToU are governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of India without reference to conflict of laws principles and disputes arising in relation hereto shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Bangalore.

20. Force majeure.

Without limiting the foregoing, under no circumstances shall the Company be held liable for any damage or loss due to deficiency in performance of the Lookup Services resulting directly or indirectly from acts of nature, forces or causes beyond its reasonable control, including without limitation, Internet failures, computer equipment failures, telecommunication equipment failures, other equipment failures, electrical power failures.

21. Entire Agreement.

This ToU and our Privacy Policy are the entire and exclusive agreement between Lookup and you regarding Lookup Services, and these ToU supersede and replace any prior agreements between Lookup and you regarding the Lookup Services.

We may revise these ToU from time to time, the most current version will always be available. If the revision, in our sole discretion, is material we will notify you via an update to the email associated with your account. By continuing to access or use Lookup Services after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised ToU.

 

Effective: March 1, 2016